Docs: Convert Extending and Answers chapters (#4751)
geodynamics/aspect: doc/sphinx/user/extending/plugin-types/terminate-criteria.md

determines that it is close enough to steady state), or by an external action
such as placing a specially named file in the output directory. The criteria
determining termination of a simulation are all implemented in plugins. The

> parameters describing these criteria are listed in {ref}`sec:3.195`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameters describing these criteria are listed in {ref}`parameters:Termination_20criteria`.
```

> :::{admonition} TODO
> sec:3.195 refers to a parameter file which is not set up yet.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
